hi I'm Mike haddock and I'm going to
show you two fast this easiest way I
know how to play the banjo
real quick about the banjo this is a
very inexpensive $100 banjo but it's
very light that's a good thing about a
cheap banjo an electric guitar pickup in
it and I got a good set of tuners that's
really what a banjo is this is a very
expensive banjo but it's very heavy
knock word to move this is my fiddle
they played a fiddle my electric guitar
and I played his banjo out of the same
amplifier this is a Fender a this is a
deluxe reverb but I usually play out of
a Fender Twin Reverb and my first and
second channel I play my banjo and my
fiddle and out of my main channel
I play my my guitar my lead guitar so
only thing else you got to know about
banjo is most people see more than a
here so you don't have to know every
crazy intricate thing that a banjo has
to operate just have to know how to make
it sound good so I'm going to show you
two fastest easiest way I know to play
banjo
banjo music is basically just polka
music and rolls
we roll in
sweet babies all
all right so I'm assuming you already
know how to tune your banjo and you
already know how to put your finger
picks on so you learn this role and it's
right here take your thumb and you hit
your third string take your index finger
and you hit your second string you take
your tongue again and you hit your head
string and you take this middle finger
and it hit your string so it goes like
this
just a few down
you
that's it
so you learn and then you learn your
chords this is your C chord which is
right here and your first you put your
ring finger right here on the first
string on the second fret you take your
index finger you put it right there on
your second string first fret and you
take your middle finger and you put it
on your fourth string on your second
fret that's C and you have to only know
your D which is right here and that's
open of course and you take your middle
finger and you put it on your second
string third fret and you take your
first finger and you put it on your
third string second fret so this deep
cousin I gotta know what these tree
signs is how to roll
Hey
you're deeply
were the
hadji lay around my checks each enrollee
must eat baby no fast well our babies
unless my favorite son
we must retain
all right after you learned that say
learn circle being broken
see by
only way
and in the sky
the other one
which clearly
that's it that's how you really need to
know to actually go out and play a sign
there's one more roll I use a major roll
it just goes like this and it's just um
um fifth string this uh index finger on
the second string and you're gonna
figure on the string example when I use
it
here's the other roll for music
ah here we go
so now you know your roles to major
roles in your chords and then after that
you just have to learn where all your
genes are and and you just play your GC
CC DD same thing I hope you got
something out of that if you like it and
get some feedback I'll do another video
before you explain more about how to use
your equipment and make everything work
and like a dick thanks a lot